---
title: "About the CHiMad Phase Field website"
layout: essay
comment:
---

The primary goal of the benchmarking effort is to provide a set of
benchmark problems to compare and contrast codes for solving phase
field equations. Further goals include

 - providing quality assurance for phase field codes based on performance
   and accuracy,

 - increasing the adoption of phase field methods in engineering and
   academic applications with the development of practical
   documentation,

 - and by fostering an engaged and integrated phase field community.

<h4> Further Reading </h4>

For further details about the benchmarking effort see one of

 - the [extended overview]({{ site.baseurl }}/benchmarks){:target="_blank"},

 - ["Benchmark Problems for Phase Field Methods"](http://chimad.northwestern.edu/news-events/articles/2016/PhaseField_BenchMark.html)

 - ["Benchmark problems for numerical implementations of phase field
   models"](http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.commatsci.2016.09.022){:target="_blank"}

<h4> Get Involved </h4>

We are an inclusive and expanding community and welcome new
participants.  All those interested in phase field modeling are
welcome to participate in a variety of different ways. See the
[involvement guide]({{ site.baseurl }}/INVOLVEMENT) for more details
about how you can get involved with the community.

<h4> Community </h4>

Please see the [community page]({{ site.baseurl }}/community) for
details of individuals involved in this project and their
affiliations.

<h4> Code of Conduct </h4>

We have a code of conduct and take it very seriously. Please the [code
of conduct page]({{ site.baseurl}}/CODE_OF_CONDUCT) for further
details.

<h4> Suggested Phase Field Codes </h4>

The goal of this site is to not only generate benchmarks, but to also
evaluate codes that solve phase field problems. We have a list of
[suggested codes]({{ site.baseurl}}/codes) that have been used to
solve some of the benchmark problems.

<h4> FAQ </h4>

<h5> Which code should I use to solve my phase field problem? </h5>

We don't have the answer to this question yet, but we are working on
it. We have a [list of phase field codes]({{ site.baseurl}}/codes) and
also a [list of benchmark results]({{ site.baseurl}}/#benchmarks) that
might help you evaluate which code might work best for you.

<h5> I don't like one of the benchmark problems. Can I help fix it? </h5>

Yes. Your feedback on the benchmark problems is highly valued. The
benchmarks are a moving target that you can contribute to. If you
would like to propose a change or improvement then please raise it via
[chat](https://gitter.im/usnistgov/chimad-phase-field) or as an
[issue](https://github.com/usnistgov/chimad-phase-field/issues/new). The
community will discuss the change and act on it if we can reach a
consensus
