Daniel Wheeler
National Institute of Standards and Technology
100 Bureau Drive
Gaithersburg, MD 20899
USA
email: daniel.wheeler@nist.gov

2019-04-17

Dear Dr. Neil Chue Hong,

I am submitting a paper entitled "PFHub: The Phase Field Community
Hub" for your consideration for publication in the software metapaper
category. The manuscript describes a custom online portal (see
https://pages.nist.gov/pfhub) that we have developed for sharing and
comparing simulation results from the phase field community. We feel
that our code-base and content management system (CMS) free approach
is novel in its construction and differs from other similar approaches
that tend to depend heavily on CMS's that require long term support.
Our approach is valuable to other small scientific communities that
might not have the resources to support a custom CMS deployment.

The manuscript fits well with the stated goals of the journal as it
describes an approach to deploying a platform that could be readily
adopted by other groups and is well documented and tested as well as
having a fully open source code base. The paper differs from other
papers in the journal as it does not describe an installable tool for
solving a scientific problem, but a platform that needs to be launched
and customized for a particular use case. However, we feel that this
is still within the bounds of research software with high reuse
potential.

The manuscript is an original work, written exclusively by the stated
authors and is not under consideration at any other journal. The
authors have all stated that there are no conflicts of interest.

Sincerely,

Daniel Wheeler
